Header : Gassit: Your All-in-One App for All Your Fuel & Gas Needs

Gassit is the trusted app that connects fuel station owners, gas plant owners, and resellers, with consumers or end-users. It provides a seamless experience for placing orders for pickup or delivery of LPG and helps to manage the allocation/disbursement of fuel to vehicle drivers and other parties. 

Unique Problems Gassit Solves
Price and Usage Notification
Gassit alerts users to change in fuel or gas prices from participating stations. This helps consumers plan resources adequately and reduces fraud from drivers. In addition, Gassit tracks the buying habits of customers and sends prompts to check the status of fuel or gas in the household or business.

Pay for Fuel/Diesel in Advance
Customers get preferential treatment from their local filling stations when they pay in advance for fuel or diesel. This enables businesses to manage the dispensing of fuel to their fleets, and tracks usage from drivers.

Access to Affordable Loans for Gas Plant Owners: 
Gassit supports gas plant owners in processing credit from the Bank of Industry (BOI) and other Development Finance Institutions (DFIs). Our algorithm profiles your business based on transactions on the application, ensuring you meet all the criteria recognized by DFIs. 

Read more(link to Gas plant owners page)

Quick Loans for Distributors:
Registered distributors can access credit for gas purchases directly from their mobile phones. After meeting app usage requirements, distributors enjoy low interest rates, making it easy to keep your supply topped up. Gas up your supply today with Gassit!

Read more(link to Distributors page)

Loyalty Points for End-Users:
With Gassit, end-users can earn loyalty points with every gas purchase. Skip the lines by ordering through the app for pickup or home delivery and wait less at Gassit stands.

Read more(link to End-consumer’s page)

Fast and Convenient Gas Delivery

Get Gas Delivered to Your Doorstep in Under 1 Hour:
Running out of gas is inconvenient, and waiting in line for a refill is worse. Place an order from your local gas station on Gassit from your mobile phone and enjoy the convenience of home delivery. It's the same gas without the hassle!

Financial Support for Bulk Gas Purchases
Distributors can access quick loans through Gassit when funds are low, ensuring they can stock up on gas to boost sales. We offer one of the best interest rates in the market and provide tools to maximize your supplies. 
Read more to learn how Gassit can support your business. 

What Businesses Are Saying

“Hi, I’m Dami CEO of the Selai Gas plant, I struggled with increasing and retaining my end-users until I was plugged in to Gassit. I have recorded 3x the number of end-users in such a short time, and more than doubled the number of deliveries we make daily

Hi, I’m Amechi of Ameogo Pago Global Resources Ltd. Gassit as enabled me reach customers that would not come to my plant because of the bad roads. My end-user and distributors have


Join the Growing List of Satisfied Users:
Experience the benefits of access to loans, inventory tools, and loyalty points for every gas purchase.

Gas Plant Owners:
Contact us today to join the Gassit ecosystem. Enjoy access to BOI loans at low interest rates and gain valuable insights into your business operations.
Button: Get Started

Distributors and Consumers:
Want your favorite gas station to get started with Gassit? Reach out to us here to enjoy access to loans for gas purchases and convenient home delivery.
Button: Get Started



Page 2 For Gas plant
Are you a gas plant owner? 

Looking to 
Gain visibility into your sales, manage cash, and increase customer loyalty

Gas plant owners trust OS retail to fix gas plant challenges like recording customer change without mixing it up with cash for sales.  Our users report 4x faster reconciliation of change issues enabling owners receive end-of-the-day reports..
Button: Improve Sales now

Sales tools that stop you Losing Profit

Periodic reports: Enjoy reports from any period you choose either daily, weekly or monthly.  

Cash handling: records customer’s change in customer profiles for later use.

Inventory: Forget keeping an eye on low stock, OS retail adjusts quantity levels with each sale and informs you when stock is low.

Customer profiles: Save customer information like phone numbers. know who’s coming for the first time and who’s returning. 

Loyalty points:  Dazzle customers with loyalty points automatically issued with every purchase. 

Customer satisfaction: Build relationships with personalized messages sent to phone numbers stored on your OS retail. 




Our user's Report

Faster end-of-the-day reporting | Less cash mishandling | Account statements for loan purposes and creditworthiness| Improved  customer relationships | Customer insight | Customer retargeting 

Get Started  (Button)






A Track Record of Delivery
Over 200 million naira transactions recorded |  300,000 customers serviced|  5+ years in business





Hey I’m Dami, CEO at Selai Gas

Hi, I’m  Dami CEO of the Selai Gas plant, I struggled with precise information on how much sales my Gas plant made.

 Since using the application my employees report 3x faster reconciliation of accounts and complaints like managing change have been brought down to 90% thanks to the OS retail app. 


Trusted by plants owners like you
Selai, Tangram, Ameogo,





For Distributors:

Quick Credit for your Gas payment. 
Enjoy access to credit to facilitate gas purchases in less than 5 minutes. Simply raise an invoice for Gas  when you need it and let Oyasync Credit do the rest!


Why Distributors Love Oyasync Credit!

Credit Access: Raise invoices in the app to have payment made to suppliers on your behalf.

Low interest: Low-interest rates guarantee profit as high as possible.

Quick response time: Responding to your invoice takes less than 5 minutes. 

Bringing Credit to you!
Oya Sync credit is powered by the vision to make credit available to business owners.
 We are changing the narrative of seeking credit and instead bringing credit to your smartphone.

Buy on the App, Manage on the App 
Buy Gas from your favorite gas stations and account for profit and loss easily,  generate account reports for loan applications elsewhere. 


Smart tools to  understand your Business Better

Inventory management: view gas supply levels and enjoy automatic reminders on low levels

Reports: Income and expense reports of all transactions on the app.  

Income statement: End-of-the-month income statement report delivered to you on the app for loan applications. 

How to join:
Enjoy our benefits  from any of our partner gas stations. Your favorite gas station not included?  Contact us for help in getting them on the Gassit list. 
Button: Contact us





End users:
Enjoy Exclusive Benefits with Gassit
•	Experience the Ultimate Convenience for Your Gas Needs: With Gassit, ordering and paying for gas  has never been easier. End-users enjoy convenience and speed with us from the moment they sign up.  

What End -Users Enjoy
Earn Loyalty Points
With Gassit, every gas purchase earns you loyalty points that can be redeemed for discounts on future orders. Save more with every refill and make your gas purchases work for you.

Home Delivery
Skip the hassle of driving to the gas station and waiting on queues. Gassit offers fast and reliable home delivery, bringing your gas directly to your doorstep in under an hour. Enjoy the convenience of having gas delivered whenever you need it.

Check Gas Prices Instantly
Wondering about the latest gas prices? With Gassit, you can check the current prices without having to call multiple gas stations. Get up-to-date information right at your fingertips through the app.

How It Works

1. Download the Gassit App: Available on both iOS and Android.
2. Create an Account: Sign up in just a few easy steps.
3. Select a Gas Station: check for your favorite Gas station.
3. Place Your Order:Choose your gas type, select delivery or pickup, and check out.
4. Earn Points: Get loyalty points for every purchase.
5. Enjoy Your Gas:Receive your delivery at home or pick it up with minimal wait times.





Download Gassit Now 
Join thousands of happy customers who have made their gas purchases easier and more rewarding.
Button : Download button for apple and playstore. 



What Our Customers Are Saying

"Gassit has completely transformed how I buy gas. I no longer worry about running out or waiting in long lines. The home delivery service is incredibly fast, and earning loyalty points with each purchase is a fantastic bonus. It's the ultimate convenience!"**  
— Anuoluwa Oresanya., Satisfied Gassit Customer


About  us  Page
Use the Oyasync ecosystem page.














Contact Page

If you want to contact us for enquiries or complaints use the following buttons. Respondents are on the other side eager to listen!

Phone no: +234 700 300 4001
Email: support@oyasynccredit
Visit: Selai Gas station Abule egba, Ligali Ayorind e Victoria Island.



